some things that you should prioritize when you're picking housing is
where's its proximity to your work? Do you want to live in a place that's
super far away to where you're gonna have to have an hour or drive
in tow work and then when you're leaving work which direction of
flow is the traffic in the morning? You depend upon which way you
have to head. It may be more advantageous to kind of try and find housing.
That's the opposite direction. That traffic usually is flowing
those days. So that way you're not hit with rush hour traffic going
into work and then hit with it when you're leaving work. So you know
that's gonna be completely up to you. Some people like to live far
away from work based on more rule areas, and other people enjoy kind
of the downtown or city lifestyle. So that's gonna be a personal
choice, but also to just look at its proximity to where you're gonna
be working and how its best gonna serve you every day. Driving back
from work